PRIVACY STATEMENT

----

SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?

When you login to Vicki with your amazon account, we collect your email address. We also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. We may send you emails pertinent to Vicki.

When you send a voice request to Alexa, we may temporarily hold the request for sole purpose of improving Vicki, this information will never be shared with others.

SECTION 2 - CONSENT

How do you get my consent?

When you login to Vicki with your amazon account, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.

How do I withdraw my consent?

If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at pavel@heyvicki.net.

SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE

We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.

SECTION 4 - SECURITY

To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.

SECTION 5 - AGE OF CONSENT

By using this Alexa skill, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.


SECTION 6 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.

QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION

If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact us at pavel@heyvicki.net

----
